what in holy moly has happened here well
this obviously a successful Cosi yeah
you know he's shallow shallow Lia pull
of your smash do it although they're
sealed on a bear killing here and then
looks like a rune seal psycho naman ring
sir interesting isn't it hey it's great
reasonably fresh it's not frozen yeah
they've eaten just just the blubber we
bought from the hi icarly stuff right so
that lets all this muscular all this
protein you left all the muscle listen I
don't I don't think so this is the
absolutely standard free using it's
phenomenal strength worry the polar bear
punched a hole clean through three feet
of hard pack snow to get at the seal
below the killer proved that there were
polar bears in the area we were getting
close the ring seal love's in that hole
underneath the stone that layer
underneath yeah I'd make a lousy pour
and so would you
so how how long will it take him to do
that Oh Doug suggested I take a closer
look at the seals hideaway I'm going in
or maybe some time
it's gone dark I can't see now it's gone
very dark
and then my first wild polar bear-dog
sprang into action
my job was Safety Officer and why am i
holding this again why are you holding
pistol because this is no possibility of
your wake up now come and have a little
bit too close look okay in which case
what we need - I'll give you here
annoyed you just got the gun
just awful in this direction okay it's
not pranic okay take your lead off me
joking aside it may not look that scary
on the TV but let me tell you my heart
was pounding
wow that's beautiful I feel very
privileged to be able to sit here in the
open with it really knowing that this is
a fully wild bear he's having a sniff
now he's up on his feet can really see
that they're kind of here meant
shoulders that they have gone oh he's
all forearms annoying what impresses you
most about the part of it it's when you
see the stuckness of environment
Ritchie's functioning and he isn't
really struggling to survive when you
spend pain watching Apollo beer you just
realize hey there for me and she doesn't
wrestle a sec hey Annie hadn't missed us
to me it seemed our friend was getting a
little too close this beer is pretty
close but dude was confident we were
still okay
sending backs any of us okay sorry one
of dogs tricks if a polar bear gets too
close
fire up the snowmobile Oh Justin be
muted by maybe five or ten meters uh-huh
I have totally Latin man over this way
be right it to me pretty damn close
you